the national syli during this
fifth day of the playoffs at
within the clergy had not only
need the three points but also
support of twelfth man who does not have
failed in tradition at the 28
September
but who does not have through the strong
mobilization have proven to the face of
world
kolela of the position of the teams in
this big project the stakes and go them all
first of a patriotic logic is
in this dynamics of eleven links
national the body of peace what
shifts have as usual took
the front
the club management has distributed three
thousand tickets plus 3000 T-shirts to
supporters who took the start in
concert at the mission stage for
that of September 28
a whole symbol
m
I do not know
yeah
but 90 minutes michel hot buckle
dussuyer some of his chickens
were facing the press to deliver
their feeling about the match it's a
stent ibrahim traoré and kamil zayatte a
look of players renew their
support to the French technician
the custom of saying ah well that shows
still there we must progress that it
it's not enough to have good players and
it's not enough to play well what we have
proposed this plan without a plan of
experience
each master's plan
as would not always be necessary
questioning in
recalls that we spoke after the
to Gabon to just continue with
the coach almost for us it's some
thing that are very important to me this
that it should be that in all
official matches we played these
lately she lost only 3
unfortunately they all led
nation that is to say that we do not lose
the pumps at all the important match and
that 's what we have to work on
that he has a future
here is me today I'm here on
a press conference for
maintain what counts almost
he is
it's often said that it's the code
responsible but it's we leave
solitary crisis the opportunity to
qualify so we could not
wanting to ourselves is no longer
provided support but I
started selling too with the check mark
in relationships necessarily
particular to him but one says in the name of
the whole team because the whole team
want to continue with him we do not have
want to leave the ace what she has
started I think that this is the
message I want to go ahead the
fashion
knowing that egypt already had
play on the morale
are two days
and releasing it will still not
forget that last weekend
essential today it was
take the three points everything is to do
not lose at home
at the beginning there is music
richelle first
it's the three points that counted
a brute doubled brady
if the day before
he's the one who built this team
top I put the team he pulled out
players who do not know how to put everything back into
cause
will not let go of it by the young band
all together
we know that there are many things that
are gouging around each other nation
turn now
in his mouth
the fans came to the show
bonelli image of the national team
you know these people of a rise
team
we must continue to work with
same person's eyes we are all
first I am touched by the testimony
players
3 years old
those who work together
it made progress still needs to
make
the past three beautiful years with
I think that
thank you because
people were joining
message
of departure which was that of the two
brothers guinea
a team that not only practical
as dangerous
eq a plus in terms of image
presents a face of a team
disciplinary
is aware of his responsibilities
because it serves
it's largely positive every
players joined
happiness
c
all together we can build
Something
even if an architect but everyone
participates in the construction of a house
thanks to them
after
if they play to talk about my future
incident proposed to the federation
because the team will be keen to
to show that
then the level to compete at
accept it team from egypt
this is the fact that our match at
home against egypt we've been very
disabled at the level of injuries that
in the course of the match we had
many events
otherwise I think we could have fought
until the butt these guys m I
I am convinced that they have at heart
show that they are ready to Egypt which
are keen to have a good match there
down every game will not count one iota
game in goal
can not invent the players
either Guineans in Bayonne
okay it was players in
focal length franchise and maybe
that they are revealed it is the future that the
will say at the current state of things
the time is for meditation on the
near future of our son y that leaves
lately a taste of unfinished
is it a lack of coaching or two
players capable of guiding the spell
a meeting
waiting to find the answer to these
worries which is indisputable
it is this maxim that teaches us that
the best friend of the coach is are
bilal the village of michel is unknown
of all are waiting to see what we
reserves the Guinean Federation of
football that the sports department